Add docs for `refresh_on_startup` (#900)
spiceai/docs: website/docs/reference/spicepod/datasets.md

Optional. Defines the maximum number of retry attempts when refresh retries are enabled. The default is undefined, allowing for unlimited attempts.

> ## `acceleration.refresh_on_startup`
> 
> Optional. Controls whether Spice refreshes the dataset when the service starts. Defaults to `auto`.
> 
> Supported values:
> 
> - `auto` - Skips refresh on startup if the dataset is already accelerated and either the refresh interval hasn't elapsed or no refresh interval is defined.
> - `always` - Performs dataset refresh on every startup, regardless of existing acceleration state.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## `acceleration.refresh_on_startup`

Optional. Controls whether Spice refreshes the dataset when the service starts. Defaults to `auto`.

### Supported Values:
- **`auto` (Default)** – Skips the refresh on startup if the dataset is already accelerated and:
  - The refresh interval hasn't elapsed, or  
  - No refresh interval is defined.  
- **`always`** – Forces a dataset refresh on every startup, regardless of the existing acceleration state.  

Setting `refresh_on_startup: always` ensures that accelerated data is always refreshed to match the source when the service restarts. This is useful in **development environments** or when **data consistency is critical** after deployment.

```
